How are Workflow automator and Supervisor automations different from each other and how could I use them appropriately?
Where do I setup a Workflow Automator rule ?
What kind of tickets could be updated using the Workflow Automator?
How can I assign all incoming tickets to a specific agent on the portal?
How do I skip a new ticket notification to a particular email address?
How to assign tickets from a specific email address or with a specific subject to a different group?
How to automatically add an email to cc, for tickets from a specific department?
How to move tickets from a particular requester to spam?
How to send auto response for non business hours tickets?
Is there any way to automatically update the type of a ticket?
How do I set up an automation based on the Subject or Body of the email?
How to send customer satisfaction survey only to tickets that meet certain conditions?
How can I disable the email notification sent to requesters upon ticket creation based on the ticket's properties?
Can I have different email notifications for different groups?
How do I restrict a particular domain from creating tickets on our service desk?
How can I set up follow-up emails for requesters who haven't responded to our emails?
How can I make the supervisor run only once to prevent multiple notifications?
Is there a way to find out the exact times when the Supervisor runs?
How can I receive email notifications for updates and replies on all tickets, even those that aren't assigned to me?
Will the Supervisor rule run in Business or Calendar hours?
On which tickets would the Supervisor act?
How can I automatically close tickets with the status 'Waiting on 3rd party' after a few days?
How can I send an email to a manager when negative feedback (survey) is received?
How can I notify the requester about a change in Ticket Priority?
How can we access the last public note added to a ticket and send it via a webhook in Freshservice?
How to disable ticket reopened notification alerts for agents when the requester responds?
How can I assign a ticket to the last responding agent automatically?
When do I use a supervisor rule?
How can I prevent a closed ticket from reopening when a requester replies?
How does the supervisor work ?
If an agent creates a Canned Response, is there a way to send it to all agents?
Are automations case sensitive when we use the "Subject/Description contains.."?
Can I give agents access to create canned responses?
How do I filter tickets using checkboxes?
Is a note considered as an interaction?
Is it possible to allocate tags to several existing tickets at once?
How can I automatically move emails from a specific sender with specific subject or body to the spam folder?
Can I use minutes/days since instead of the "Hours since" option in the supervisor ?
What is a Scenario Automation ?
Can Agents set up their personal Scenario Automations?
How do I setup a Scenario Automation as an Admin?
How do I restrict scenarios to specific agents ?
Can we add notes to tickets in an automated way?
If I choose "Send Email to..." or "Add Note" using Scenario Automations, would I have the option to add an attachment?
How to automatically reopen the ticket when the customer responds?
Is there any way that I can send an attachment to the requester automatically?
How can I receive email notifications for all/specific tickets when a requester replies and I am not the assigned agent?
How do I delete all the tickets in my Service Desk automatically?
How do I export tickets with a common subject line?
How do I do a bulk update of a field for all tickets?
How do I send an escalation mail to all agents of a group if a ticket is left unattended for more than one hour?
How to assign a ticket to an agent who responds to the ticket?
How to send out customer satisfaction emails based on specific group?
I had setup a supervisor rule but it doesn't seem to update all tickets. What could be the reason?
How do I automatically close any resolved ticket after 48 hours?
How to reopen the ticket when a customer feedback is received?
Why are my agent replies considered requester responses?
Why are my workflow actions not executed in the expected order?
Why are my approval emails not getting sent?